from the outset of the war Maas aaza has
been one of the leading voices of Gaza
give water to my
grandma and a strike here reporting the
unsettling scenes of Israel's war
through his own
Survival
so this is a famous word may I kept
saying it during the but in this
heartfelt message to his followers the
Palestinian journalist announced he's
leaving Gaza uh I decided
[Music]
to to evacuate today so
I'm for sorry but inallah hopefully soon
come back and
build and held to to build Gaza again I
for 107 days his videos have offered a
glimpse into life in
Gaza documenting the suffering on the
ground and witnessing the killing of his
own
family his followers Grew From 25,000
before the war to more than 18 million
never forget to say free Palestine and
his work has gared recognition for
showing the impact of Israel military
actions on civilians to the
world his departure has ignited a surge
of online
support I know the decision wasn't an
easy one motaz will return to a free
Palestine and his home in
Gaza seeing motaz ASA sharing that he's
evacuating is heartbreaking but he needs
to leave Motas says he will continue to
fight for
justice but this time from
afar my uh my spear Axel zimo Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer